A few years ago I made my first Amiga 1200 mechanical keyboard. I did not know at the time about any other efforts that might be underway so I just went ahead and did it - it turned out well and a lot of people built them. Still there is always a temptation to try and improve something. I was never really happy about the mounting system and the 9U spacebar was a problem, even more so than finding the keycaps that match the Amiga key sizes, modern keyboards went in a different direction.

So here is version 2. At the time of the last keyboard, low-profile keyswitches existed but were hard to find and often could not use MX-stem caps, now it is easy. I'm typing this with a Nuphy Air75 v2 with Wisteria Gateron KS-33 switches and the feel is amazing. There is a heavier variant "Moss" and a regular brown tactile option. Blue (clicky) and several variants of linear including Red are available too. These switches use a different footprint to standard MX so the PCB had to be redone.

Under the old keyboard a 10x3mm aluminium bar was used to stiffen the whole assembly, running from one side of the case to another sitting on 3d-printed mounts. I want to move that out of the way of expansions under the keyboard. I never noticed a problem with a TF1230 but with a larger accelerator having a heatsink it might be, so I'm moving the bar in the hope that one day I get a TF1260 or similar. This keyboard will sit higher in the case compare to the old one.

Also changed with this keyboard is the space bar layout. You can use whichever width space bar you can find, from the rare but accurate 9U to the modern 6.25U. If you use something narrower than 9U then the remaining space can be filled by 3D-printed modules that are attached with M3 bolts.

If using a narrower space bar then the space-filling module can contain a translucent part to allow a LED to shine through for cap lock. Three LED positions are provided to suit whatever you want to do. The conventional cap lock position under the caps lock key is also provided but a shine-though (windowed or translucent double shot) is very hard to find.

To allow for a plate on top of the PCB, various M3 holes are provided. It should be possible to print a plate in two or three pieces and this should keep the keyswitches perfectly straight, improve keyboard stiffness, dampen sound and make for a better appearance.

Note this this project is licensed under CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 - only noncommercial use is permitted! (By all means sell the excess PCBs you get, at cost, if you order some for your own use)